82860: Fix Remove Custom Domains Content (#1274)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/custom-domains-using.md

>    - Click **Not now**. You can come back later to set the domain as the default. The vendor portal shows shows that the domain has a Configured status because it was configured for a previous application, though it is not yet assigned as the default for this application.

Reviewer: There is another broken link at the top of the page that doesn't show up in the changes.

>For an overview about custom domains and limitations, see [About Custom Domains](https://deploy-preview-1274--replicated-docs.netlify.app/vendor/custom-domains-about).

`custom-domains-about` should be `custom-domains`

## Remove a Custom Domain

> You can remove a custom domain at any time, but for changes to any registry custom domain, you should plan the transition so that you do not break any existing installations. 

Reviewer 2: These are just suggestions of approximate wording that I think is clearer. It's not only registry domains that can break things. replicated.app can also break installations, and as you note below, download portal can break people who try to access it with the custom domain.
```suggestion
You can remove a custom domain at any time, but you should plan the transition so that you do not break any existing installations or documentation.

Removing a custom domain for the Replicated registry, proxy service, or Replicated app service will break existing installations that use those custom domains. Existing installations need to be upgraded to a version that doesn't use the custom domains before they can be safely removed.

If you remove a custom domain for the download portal, customers will no longer be able to access the download portal using that custom domain, so you need to point them to an updated URL.
```

Author: @ajp-io Thank you. I was thinking that Replicated app service is considered a registry domain, as there is no exmplanation in or docs other than what is here: https://docs.replicated.com/enterprise/installing-general-requirements#firewall-openings-for-online-installations

Now I grok that it needs to be considered differently, or at least spelled out here. Maybe we need a separate story to give more conceptual info about the Replicated app service.

If you remove a custom domain for the download portal, it is no longer accessible using the custom URL.

To remove a custom domain:

1. Log in to the [vendor portal](https://vendor.replicated.com) and click **Custom Domains**.

> 1. Verify that the domain is not set as the default nor in use on any channels. You can edit the domains in use on a channel in the channel settings. For more information, see [Channel Settings](releases-about-releases#channel-settings) in _About Channels_.

Reviewer: ^ broken link

should be `releases-about-channels#channel-settings`

  :::important

>   When you remove a registry custom domain, any installations that reference that custom domain will break. Ensure that the registry custom domain is no longer in use before you remove it from the vendor portal.

Reviewer 2: Also replicated.app, not just registry domains.

   - Click **Not now**. You can come back later to set the domain as the default. The vendor portal shows shows that the domain has a Configured status because it was configured for a previous application, though it is not yet assigned as the default for this application.

## Remove a Custom Domain

You can remove a custom domain at any time, but you should plan the transition so that you do not break any existing installations or documentation.

> Removing a custom domain for the Replicated registry, proxy service, or Replicated app service will break existing installations that use those custom domains. Existing installations need to be upgraded to a version that doesn't use the custom domains before they can be safely removed.

Reviewer: doesn't --> does not

Reviewer: Noticed a mix match of plural and singular in this paragraph

Since the first sentence began with "removing a custom domain" (singular), suggestion:

use those custom domains --> use the custom domain 
use the custom domains --> use the custom domain
they can be sagely removed --> it can be safely removed

If you remove a custom domain for the download portal, customers will no longer be able to access the download portal using that custom domain, so you need to point them to an updated URL.

> If you remove a custom domain for the download portal, it is no longer accessible using the custom URL.

Reviewer: It looks like lines 111 and 113 are redundant
